Welcome back many students I hope you have a lot of fun in the last sections on this section.
We're going to have a lot more fun right because we are building the Logan system.
We already have a registration system in place right.
We allow the users to come in and register with their unique user name and well with their unique email
address right.
Once they register they get an e-mail right with an activation link that they can click and get their
account activated in our applications.
Really cool stuff right.
So far it's been really cool.
Now we need a login system to log them in if they are activated either or not.
We're not going to log them into the system we don't want in there unless they activate their account.
So if you're ready to learn some really awesome stuff some more awesome stuff then you in the right
place.
Let's get to the next lectures and let's have some more fun.